>> Nina Zakharenko: So what is git?
We've all heard this term before.
It's a distributed version control system.
But in order to truly understand git, we
need to learn how git stores information.
At its core,
git is kind of like a key value store.
The value is the data, and
the key is hash of the data.
You can then use the key
to retrieve the content.
>> Nina Zakharenko: The key is,
it's called a SHA1.
It's a cryptographic hash function,
so given a piece of data,
it produces a 40-digit hexadecimal number.
And that number, that value will always be
the same if the given input is the same.
So you look at git log, you see lots
of 40-digit hexadecimal numbers,
those are called SHA1s.
Sometimes, and this is also called,
this type of system is called
a content addressable storage system.
And that's because you can use
the content to generate the key.
So if the hash is always the same
given a piece of content,
that also means that given the content,
you can generate the key.